Update company believe (#2135)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/company/strategy.md

# Strategy

## Core Values

Please see our [company values](/handbook/company/values/)

## FlowFuse's Mission

FlowFuse will empower all engineers to innovate faster, by bringing the joy of software development to the world.

## Achieving our Mission

> At the core of the product is Node-RED, the Low-Code platform that allows many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the core of FlowFuse is Node-RED, the Low-Code platform that allows many
```

> to build software with little or no training. FlowFuse will only be successful if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to build software with little or no coding knowledge. FlowFuse will only be successful if
```

Node-RED becomes the default way to write software for hundreds of thousands of people.
FlowFuse is, and will remain, the primary contributor to Node-RED. Our product is
the best way to run Node-RED at any scale.

Furthermore, FlowFuse aims to make it a great experience to build, deploy, and
maintain software -- especially for non-software engineers. Allowing complex things
to be achieved. Two good examples are
1. FlowFuse Dashboard - Allowing to build Dashboards and interactive applications
1. Project-Link - Linking Edge devices to the Cloud, enabling broadcasts and point-to-point connections

> A key differenciator for FlowFuse is our approach to licensing of our software.
> The core is open, free as in beer and as in speech. Our product is open for scrutany,
> usage, improvements, for the world. While there's a subset of the product
> propietery licensed, the source is available to read. We believe that Open Source
> Software plays a key part in education, reducing vendor lock-in, and community building.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A key differentiator for FlowFuse is our approach to licensing of our software.
The core is open, free as in beer and as in speech. Our product is open for scrutany,
usage, improvements, for the world. While there's a subset of the product
proprietary licensed, the source is available to read. We believe that Open Source
Software plays a key part in education, reducing vendor lock-in, and community building.
```
